Could + have : ( past possibilities means -- gatham lo jarigi undataaniki askaram unde vaatini antaaru)
Could + have -- ( Gatham lo chesi undachu antey gatham lo chese chance undhi ayna cheyyaledhu)
EG:
early morning class pedthey miru raaleru nenu emi antaanu miru morning vachi undachu antey vache chance and choice miku undhi but raaledhu.
* * Chese chance manaki unna koodaa endhuko oka karanam chetha manam cheyyaledhu 
** gataham lo manaki edhaina cheyyadaniki askaram unna kooda cheyyaledhu. eg: chesi undachu kadhaa, velli vundachu kadhaa, matlaadi undachu kadhaa

** Could (General usage)
- Past cpability

Could have + V3

I could have completed.
You could have eaten somnething. ( Nuvvu edhaina thini undachu)
he could have have gone.
we could have ordered something differently. ( manam edhaina different ga order chesi undachu)

Ni bday ani naku thelidhu thelsi untey nenu mimmalni suprise chesevaadni.
I did not know that it was your bday, otherwise i could have surprised.

--
The company could have decalred the holiday.(Company holiday declare chesi undachu)
The voters could have defeated him in elections.(Voters athanini elections lo odinchochu)
The news reader chould have hidden the truth ( news reader nijanni dhachi undachu)
Karthick chould have forgiven deepa ( karthick deepa ni kshaminchi undachu)
we could have questioned you ( memu mimmalni question chesi undachu)
--
**Negative -- Cheyyagalige vaadni kaanu, choodagaloige vaadni kaanu, etc;
If ( SUB + had not + V3)
**If he had not invited us, we could not have gone there.( Athanu mammalni invite chesi undaka  poi untey memu akkadiki velli undevallam kaamu)
If we had not seen you, we could not have called you. ( memu ninnu choodakapoyi untey memu niku call chesi unadevllam kaamu)
If they had not trained me , I could not have presented. ( Vallu nannu train cheyyakapoyi untey nenu present chesi undevaadni kaanu)
--
Kattappa couldn't have killed bahubali without sivagami order. ( Shivagami order lekundaa kattappa bahubali ni kill chesi undevaadu kaadhu)
I cloudn't have helped you if i had not heard about you. ( Nenu niku help cheyyagaligi undevaadni kaanu,ni gurunchi vinakapoyi untey)
he couldn't have undterstood you if i had not told him about you ( Atahnu ninnu ardham chesukoni undevaadu kaadhu nenu ni gurunchi cheppakapoyi untey)

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
use of would:
Certainly! Here are more examples of how “would” is used to describe past habits or repeated actions:

Past Habits:
“Every winter, we would build a snowman in the backyard.”
“My grandmother would tell us stories before bedtime.”
Past Repeated Actions:
“When I was in college, I would study late into the night.”
“During summer vacations, we would visit the beach every weekend.”
Typical Behaviors:
“He would always bring flowers for his mother on her birthday.”--> means that it was a regular activity or tradition for them to hike in the mountains each spring season. The use of “would” indicates that this was a habitual action in the past.
“They would go hiking in the mountains every spring.”
Childhood Memories:
“As kids, we would ride our bikes around the neighborhood until it got dark.”
“We would spend hours playing board games on rainy days.”



during my childhood, i would play cricket daily VS I used to play cricket
“During my childhood, I would play cricket daily.”
This sentence emphasizes the habitual nature of the activity. It suggests that playing cricket was a regular, repeated action during your childhood.
“I used to play cricket.”
This sentence indicates that playing cricket was something you did in the past, but it doesn’t specify how often. It simply states that it was an activity you engaged in at some point in the past


We would have a family picnic every Sunday VS We used to have a family picnic every Sunday
We would have a family picnic every Sunday.”
This sentence emphasizes the habitual nature of the activity. It suggests that having a family picnic was a regular, repeated action in the past.
“We used to have a family picnic every Sunday.”
This sentence indicates that having a family picnic was something you did regularly in the past, but it doesn’t necessarily emphasize the habitual aspect as strongly as “would.”
In summary, both sentences convey the idea of a past routine, but “would” slightly emphasizes the habitual nature more. You can choose either based on the nuance you want to convey.

Would Have
Usage: Used to talk about hypothetical situations in the past, often in conditional sentences to express something that did not happen.
Examples:
Hypothetical Past Situations: “If I had known about the meeting, I would have attended.”
Regret or Missed Opportunity: “She would have called you if she had your number.”
Conditional Statements: “They would have won the game if they had practiced more.”


Would: “If it rained, we would stay indoors.” (Talking about a habitual action in the past when it rained.)
Would Have: “If it had rained, we would have stayed indoors.” (Talking about a hypothetical situation in the past that did not happen.)


Missed Opportunities:
“If I had saved more money, I would have bought that car.”
“She would have traveled to Europe if she had gotten the visa on time.”
Regrets:
“If he had studied harder, he would have passed the exam.”
“They would have finished the project if they had started earlier.”
Conditional Outcomes:
“If it had rained, we would have canceled the picnic.”
“He would have been promoted if he had completed the training.”
Hypothetical Scenarios:
“If I had known you were in town, I would have invited you over.”
“We would have gone to the concert if we had known about it.”
Alternate Histories:
“If she had taken the job offer, she would have moved to New York.”
“They would have won the game if their star player hadn’t been injured.”

it was a very valuable surpirse for me It meant a lot. 
I was touched by her gesture.
Will be very pleased.
owing means due to 
miserbale , msiery -- very sad
Sorrow -- sarrow
embraced --- Hug, emotional meaning -- accept completely.

ADEPT -- Highly skilled
EG: I am adept in testing APi's.
Adarsh is adept in Managing the team.
I was adept in writing stories.
Adarshini is adept in python.
Hiren is adept in cloud computing skills.
